All right welcome back my students I hope you are excited and I hope you are motivated not.
I want you to get very motivated.
You're learning really cool stuff here.
And the more you know the better you will get and the closer you are to your goal.
OK.
So pay very close attention.
Wake up OK.
All right.
So we're going to be talking about configuration files and the environment variables or environment
file.
Right.
Right now I am in the environment File when we have two of them.
We have the DA EMV that example and that dot EMV.
Now when you use a composer you are going the composer is going to create this this to automatically
if you're not using composer you're doing this manually so how you're going to get that dot the EMV
that example file.
Why.
Well because this is the thing you never want to push this project to production where your personal
information.
Remember this is a very sensitive data.
We got a API KEESING here we got a database connection driver information.
All right we got mail information read is information.
There are a lot of things here that are personal right to your application.
So what you do is you put all the necessary information in the EMV file that EMV that example file right
.
Everything that makes application work and everything else you just leave it as default.
Now when the developer gets it over there and there's Silex so that you ship your application and you
tell your team listen I'm done with it.
Now's your chance to to keep developing.
You're going to send it with this daddy example and they're going to have to rename it to that EMV to
make it work.
All right.
So that's why you have this now.
If you see if you hear me saying constants or keys and values or whatever the thing that I use know
that these are actually called environment variables.
This is an environment file.
Right.
And this is kept for those of you that know about get help.
This is kept out of version control right because it has a bunch of sensitive information.
And basically for those of you that don't know how to get copies of a repository a place where you can
put your project in order.
Other people can collaborate with other developers can go in look at your pride and say oh that's a
cool pro-EU let me help them out and they can contribute to your projects.
Pretty pretty cool place.
But anyway you never want to send it to get help right.
Where all your sensitive information.
Right.
So this files guess guessing nor am guessing nor right here let me just double clicked that and you
can see this get in more file has this file that it wants to that he is ignoring you in your applications
ignoring all the vendors the modules even the this is for homestead.
All right that's virtual box that you can hook up to all your projects and you can make for your BHP
development which is pretty cool.
And this is part of that homestead that JSM file we have all of this right here.
And also that that Envy's ignore it.
All right.
So when you you know push this to get hop using get this get more all your personal information so no
other developers can see that.
So make sure you never put sensitive information here you put your sensitive information right here
.
And of course don't copy and paste this stuff.
Make sure that you take this often when you send it in.
All right.
If you push it to get help is going to get ignored so you're going to be good.
So anyway now now that we know about the environment variables remember.
Let me show you exactly how they're used.
So now let's go to database and actually going to configuration.
Let's go to database that BHB and show you.
So this file that database up ph is returning an array if you look at it.
That's always doing an array with a lot of keys and values right.
But not only keys and values when using helper functions there to define path we use in their environment
functions here to pull out the key to set the key and the value right.
And you can you know you can come here and you don't have to use this for each is the same thing as
going to the daddy EMV right here and pulling this information from here.
That's what he's doing.
All right.
As you can see they all these keys right here this environment variables they all the same in this guy
right here.
They don't change they're all the same.
What changes is the information right here.
So when you setting this up you don't have to come here and do it manually.
You can if you want to but what's the point of using that EMV if you if you're not going to use it right
.
You come here and you set your values here and this is what we're going to be sending our information
for a database connection or mailing or that.
Right.
So if you see this are basically called connections but as drivers.
So we have NSU like Driver my well-posed gresse sequel server and all that good stuff.
Now for those of you that don't know ask you like Eski lies a file base a database meaning that we don't
have to use some type of special program or anything like that.
These are information data saved in files.
So if we have a small application we don't want to deal with my skew Well we could deal with as few
light and every information every data that we have is going to be saved in files.
So we're going to have a database that is skewed like file with all of the information about all everything
that we need for users or for polls for categories or information is going to be saved in files.
So that's why I ask you like really is and of course some of you already know my ask Well we're going
to jump into that later.
You're right because I'm going to I'd like to use my askew l a lot.
All right.
For bigger applications this is for small very small applications I can also show you how to use this
is super simple and we probably jump into that later on in the course.
All right.
So anyway these are configuration files for our application.
All right here and the importance sensitive information.
It's right here I want you to get familiar with it.
Now if you want to jump into this environment variable file you can go to get help.
I'll show you right now let me look at it right here let me show you this window.
All right if you go to this this was created by Vance Lucas array.
So right here you can get more information and then we'll tell you why they are doing it like this.
And they even tell you where it comes from from the Ruby on Rails.
All right.
So pretty cool stuff.
But anyway thank you so much for watching this lecture I hope you got a lot of knowledge out of it.
And I just hope that I answer some of your doubts about this file and the configuration files we're
going to be using them them later on in the course so don't worry about it.
All right.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lecture